Who is your hero?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your favorite family vacation?
What is your favorite book to read?
What was the last movie you went to?
What is your favorite game or sport to watch and play?
Would you rather ride a bike, ride a horse, or drive a car?
Which would you rather do: wash dishes, mow the lawn, clean the bathroom, or vacuum the house?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Who is your favorite author?
Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska, and why?
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
What is your favorite hobby?
What is the best gift you have been given?
What is the worst gift you have received?
Aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?
What form of public transportation do you prefer?
What's your favorite zoo animal?
If you could share a meal with any individual, living or dead, who would they be?
What's the tallest building youve been to the top in?
What's your favorite holiday?
What's your favorite type of foreign food?
Are you a clean or messy person?
What kitchen appliance do you use every day?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
What's your favorite fast food chain?
What's your favorite family recipe?
What's your favorite movie?
What was your favorite subject in school?
Whats the most unusual thing youve ever eaten?
What do you collect?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
What's the most interesting thing you can see out of your office or kitchen window?
What was your first job?
What is your dream job?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, which one would it be?
What's your favorite drink?
What's your dream car?
What fictional place would you most like to go?
What one thing do you really want but can't afford yet?
What's your favorite dessert?
What city did you grow up in?
What is your go-to dish when making food?
What foreign language do you wish you spoke?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
What is your favorite exercise?
If you could have a superpower, what would you choose?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite flower?
What is your favorite song?
What is a food combo you enjoy that others might find weird?
What is the craziest thing on your bucket list?
What is your favorite season? (winter, spring, summer, or fall)
What's the first thing you do in the morning?
What is your favorite Pokemon?